# Figures 2, 3 and 4

## List of files:
* $n/opa_$n_$q.jld
* fig2.jl
* fig3.jl
* fig4.jl
* opa.jld

## Files description:
* $n/opa_$n_$q.jld: Serialized data generated by drawing a random direction in a n-dimensional spaceand perturbating the stable fixed point with winding number q of the Kuramoto model on a cycle of length nwith identical frequencies in the chosen direction. "load("./$n/opa_$n$q.jld")" returns a Dictionary with the following keys:
	* epsilons_n_q: array of the random perturbations. Each column is a direction.
	* alphas_a: maximal perturbation amplitude such that the perturbed state converges back to the initial fixed point following Kuramoto simulations.
	* other fields: obsolete.
	
* fig2.jl: Generates the plot of Fig. 2. Gives the proportion of perturbed states converging back to their reference stable fixed point (p_q) with respect to the amplitude of the perturbation (alpha), in the Kuramoto model on a cycle of length n=83 with identical frequencies.
	
* fig3.jl: Generates the plot of Fig. 3. Gives the perturbation amplitude (alpha) such that 70% of the perturbed states converge back to the initial fixed point with respect to the winding number (q).
	
* fig4.jl: Generate the plot of Fig. 4. Gives the quartiles of the perturbation amplitudes (alpha) such that the perturbed states converge back to the initial fixed point with respect to the winding number (q). 

* opa.jld: parameters of the simulations. "load("opa.jld")" returns a Dictonary with the following keys:
	* ns: array of cycle lengths considered.
	* n_q: array of pairs of cycle length and winding number.
	* nbins: number of bins to use in the computation of the quantiles.


